Q1 What version of PHP are you running?
A  Php 5.4.7 bundled with XAMPP

Q2 What steps did you need to take to make a file or directory writable for
   your server?
A  I'm running XAMPP on windows, so creating a folder and using the default
   permissions and ownership was sufficient

Q3 What is the Web root directory (as a concept)? What is the Web root
   directory for your Web site (whether on your own computer or on a live
   server)?
A  The web root directory indicates the root directory of files and
   directories available to a user's browser. Any files within the root
   directory or within directories within the web root are accessible to
   the user's browser.

   Similarly, any files and directories outside the root directory are
   not directly accessible to the user's browser. Such files might include
   web server database files and other sources of information that may be
   accessed by pages within the web root.

   The web root for my server is C:\xampp\htdocs.

Q4 What are two ways you can write data to a file?
A  You can use the file_put_contents() and fwrite() functions to write
   data to a file.

Q5 How do you append new data to existing files (as opposed to replacing any
   existing data)?
A  You can append new data to an existing file by specifying the FILE_APPEND
   flag when invoking the file_put_contents() function or opening the file
   using fopen with a mode that places the pointer at the end of the file,
   before using the fwrite() function to append data to the file.

Q6 How do you ensure that new data is placed on its own line?
A  You can ensure that new data is placed on its own line by appending
   PHP_EOL to any data that you wish to write to a file.

   For example:

   file_put_contents($file, "Hello World!" . PHP_EOL);

Q7 In order for a form to accept file uploads, what attributes must the
   opening form tag have?
A  The form tag must have the 'enctype="multipart/form-data"' attribute/value
   pair in order for it to accept file uploads.

Q8 In what variable will a PHP script be able to access an uploaded file?
   What function is used to move the file to its final destination on the
   server?
A  A php script can access an uploaded file in the $_FILES array.

   The move_uploaded_file() function is used to move the file to its final
   destination on the server.
   
Q9 How does the fgetcsv() function differ from file() or
   file_get_contents()?

A  The fgetcsv() function allows you to specify a field separator when
   reading values from a file. The default field separator for the function
   is the comma (,).

   The file() and file_get_contents() functions read lines from a file, using
   PHP_EOL as a field separator. 
